Have you heard Master's message?
Did you hear that? Master is fine,
We continue to wait. After we finish waiting, we understand.
But this cultural relic!
These cultural relics are originally from China.
But I made a plan to bring them back,
For the embrace of returning to the mountains!
I understand, everyone, God King Beijiang is okay.
I am so disappointed in you that I don’t want to see you!
OK, Beijiang God King is not dead!
The sun was saved, and China was saved again!
You broke our cultural relics in response to the order and should be punished!
Copy Douma Huizi
Miss Jean is right
I will give it to everyone
You can explain
If you do something wrong, I will do it
You do it yourself
You need everyone to be satisfied, right?
I’m looking forward to your cooperation yet.
It's this power
Why are you so respectful?
My former eldest son
Could it be that early defecation is becoming more and more mysterious?
He is helping Beijing Shi blind
Let’s chat while we’re working
Who is he?
Plan for it
We haven't even seen the blind person in Beijing.
Not to mention
Keep up with the timing
If I could catch him
Help us get online with Beijiang Shi Wang Qi
War assets that can really help
Then I'll let him take back our war assets
as he takes account of war assets war assets